January 24th Meeting Minutes

Finish metadata extraction to meta files and DB setup on Resource Server. Hopefully get a search tool in place.

Aim to stop development before end of February.

Concentrate on the outline of the dissertation for next week.

Write precis for each section, think maybe first person notes describing what each chapter will cover. List what I want to say, then convert points to paragraphs.
The end result will have small summaries for each chapter, the first paragraph of each chapter describing what is to follow.

Background and Case Studies are probably good starting points for writing.

Will concentrate on 3 specific in-depth Case Studies, but will actually cover 10-15, with the rest included in Appendices.

When using LaTeX different chapters should be in different files. Pulled into master file in the order of appearance.
A content folder should have chapters contained within as different .tex files.

IMRAD structure (intro, methodology, results, analysis, discussion
	intro - sets the project, what was done, what was planned, the motivation, enumerate the contributions, outline of the dissertation, could do a reading guide (probably over the top) etc
	methodology -  background reading, knowledge required for project, how the project was approached, the decisions
	results - case studies, policies, what happened
	analysis - risk assessment, how good the implementation is, possible cons and pros, is it secure?,
	discussion - related work, future work, compare my work to related work, don’t trash talk, just compare to related, and acknowledge strengths of others
	conclusion - summarise dissertation, touch on future work

future work is not “i failed to do this, i should do this”, what’s next? how could the project be improved for a greater scope? How could some limitations of the project be removed by doing X, Y or Z in future? Since these limitations are a result of the project’s time limitation.

Can acknowledge that I decided to aim for functionality, over ease-of-use or prettiness.

Security risk assessment will be required and slides will be provided to guide this. Information Assurance slides, pages 20-28.

ISO Standard Annex C - Comprehensive list of threats
ISO Standard Annex D - Comprehensive list of vulnerabilities

Can describe adapting the ISO 27005 Standard to produce a risk assessment.
Produce an appendix of identified assets. Calculated risks with impacts (enumerated).

Assets can have assets within them (resources within the Resource Server for example).
